got my generator to my truck
trucks don't like to start and
he's kind of temperatures so you
gotta have a way of warming them
up and put mine has isn't a
electrical outlet that meets the
block heater the oil pan and the
battery in it to warm it up so
it can turn over so I've had
this hookup for two hours now
gonna start it up and today I
gotta drive sauces grade you get
across the river there was not
broken up you can start working
on something out my trail since
I step won't even start here
this is typical kind of problems
you always run into here once it
gets below zero equipment
doesn't like to run very good
start and has problems this to
go inside and get a torch and
hopefully i can heat this metal
up and get this ice to fall out
in there so I can turn this
thing over
I don't plan on letting a little
20 below zero stopping me I
never do
boom
look for a while now it's time
to get the dogs all watered up
now that I know the dog truck
going to be running and load
them upload my sled up load up
some extra gloves chainsaw
chainsaw files chainsaw tools
the boy gets in the front seat
your boss alright we're ready to
rock and roll here
yeah